Hi Charlie / Mark,


Charlie thank you for you email.

It was really unexpected given the long time since my
application. Nevertheless I was very happy to hear songkick was
interested in my persona.

I hope you dont mind if I give you a little bit of feedback on your
email.

Despite I really like direct and straight email, I found it a little
bit impersonal being contacted like that. It feelt like:" Here.. go
do this exercise and come back when you are done".  Sometimes I chat
describing the process is nicer than being catapulted into it.



Mark,

I'm writing you because you run the entire technology organization.

I would like to pass you some feedback as well about the interview
initial exercise.  I'm going to be blunt, I hope you will excuse me, I
promise I will be more constructive later on the email.

It makes no sense and doesnt give you any idea of what is the
knowledge / experience of a candidate.

- The exercise doesn't tell me if you want me to use a specific
already built software or you want me to write one.

- The exercise doesnt tell me what operating system you want my
solution to work on. We can easily presume is linux but what flavor of
it. RPM based / DEB based. Who knows.

- The exercise doesn't ask me to provide any documentation, nor
rationale, it says configuration, but at this point its not clear what
configuration.

- I dont understand how the 'possible solutions' can help you
determine my competences / knowledge. Either Im good in understand how
to use a prebuilt puppet/chef module or I'm providing a hand made
build OVA that doesnt give you any insight.

Nevertheless I attached a solution, I decided to go with write my own
proxy server. It's written in Go. I heard you write Go at songkick so
I thought why not.


I hate to give bad feedback about the current process, but I would
rather be straight forward than to leave things with a bad feeling.
Having gone through a lot of similar processes, this one just seemed
not quite thought out.

Hope you will understand,
Thank you in advance,
Riccardo
